## How to use walksheets and maps scripts

#### Input
Files needed to run the **creating_walksheets.R** script include:
  1. Voter file (**Kings_20200127.txt**)
  2. Excel file containing the header names (**vf headers.xlsx**)
  3. .csv containing corrected street names (**corrected_streets_20200210.csv**). Street names must be manually inputed to the file of "bad streets" generated at line 159 in the script (**streets_to_correct_2020.csv**).
  
Files needed to run the **creating_maps.R** script include:
  1. NYC election district shape file (**eds_nyc_20191215.shp**)
  2. .csv file with list of all AD and ED combinations (**ad_ed_list.csv**). This file is generated by the **creating_walksheets.R**

#### Running the scripts
The **creating_walksheets.R** script should be run prior to running the **creating_maps.R** script. The working directory must be set to the directory containing all of the required files.

After initial filtering of county, party, and active-status voters, the street names will need to be cleaned. The script subsets streets that are used less than 10 times (lines 148-159). These street names will have to be manually corrected and saved to a .csv file and inputed to the script at line 163. The format of the corrected streets file should look as follows: 

|corrected	| og_name	| count|
|----------|---------|--------|
|1 AVENUE	| 1 AVENUE	| 1|
|101 AVENUE	| 101 AVENUE |	1|
|14 AVENUE	| 14 AVE |	1|
|21 AVENUE	| 21 AVE |	1|
|37 AVENUE	| 37 AVENUE |	1|
|4 AVENUE |	4 AVE |	2|


#### Output
The **creating_walksheets.R** script will output folders for each AD with individual folders for each ED within it. In each ED folder will be digital verstion of a walksheet (**AD_ED_sheets.xlsx**) and a printable verstion (**AD_ED_printout.xlsx**). 

  1. The printable version will fit to a standard 8.5"x11" page in the "portait" orientation. 
  2. The digital version contains additional columns for tracking progress during door-knocking.
